# Marionette.Region

Region managers provide a consistent way to manage your views and
show / close them in your application. They use a jQuery selector
to show your views in the correct place. They also call extra
methods on your views to facilitate additional functionality.

## Documentation Index

* [Defining An Application Region](#defining-an-application-region)
* [Initialize A Region With An `el`](#initialize-a-region-with-an-el)
* [Basic Use](#basic-use)
* [`reset` A Region](#reset-a-region)
* [Set How View's `el` Is Attached](#set-how-views-el-is-attached)
* [Attach Existing View](#attach-existing-view)
  * [Set `currentView` On Initialization](#set-currentview-on-initialization)
  * [Call `attachView` On Region](#call-attachview-on-region)
* [Region Events And Callbacks](#region-events-and-callbacks)
  * [View Callbacks And Events For Regions](#view-callbacks-and-events-for-regions)
* [Custom Region Types](#custom-region-types)
  * [Attaching Custom Region Types](#attaching-custom-region-types)
  * [Instantiate Your Own Region](#instantiate-your-own-region)

## Defining An Application Region

Regions can be added to the application by calling the `addRegions` method on
your application instance. This method expects a single hash parameter, with
named regions and either jQuery selectors or `Region` objects. You may
call this method as many times as you like, and it will continue adding regions
to the app. 

```js
MyApp.addRegions({
  mainRegion: "#main-content",
  navigationRegion: "#navigation"
});
```

As soon as you call `addRegions`, your region managers are available on your
app object. In the above, example `MyApp.mainRegion` and `MyApp.navigationRegion`
would be available for use immediately.

If you specify the same region name twice, the last one in wins.

## Initialize A Region With An `el`

You can specify an `el` for the region manager to manage at the time
that the region manager is instantiated:

```js
var mgr = new Backbone.Marionette.Region({
  el: "#someElement"
});
```

## Basic Use

Once a region manager has been defined, you can call the `show`
and `close` methods on it to render and display a view, and then
to close that view:

```js
var myView = new MyView();

// render and display the view
MyApp.mainRegion.show(myView);

// closes the current view
MyApp.mainRegion.close();
```

If you replace the current view with a new view by calling `show`,
it will automatically close the previous view.

```js
// Show the first view.
var myView = new MyView();
MyApp.mainRegion.show(myView);

// Replace the view with another. The
// `close` method is called for you
var anotherView = new AnotherView();
MyApp.mainRegion.show(anotherView);
```

## `reset` A Region

A region can be `reset` at any time. This will close any existing view
that is being displayed, and delete the cached `el`. The next time the
region is used to show a view, the region's `el` will be queried from
the DOM.

```js
myRegion.reset();
```

This is useful for scenarios where a region is re-used across view
instances, or in unit testing.

## Set How View's `el` Is Attached

If you need to change how the view is attached to the DOM when
showing a view via a region, override the `open` method of the
region. This method receives one parameter - the view to show.

The default implementation of `open` is:

```js
Marionette.Region.prototype.open = function(view){
  this.$el.empty().append(view.el);
}
```

This will replace the contents of the region with the view's
`el` / content. However, `open`'s behaviour can be overriden 
to facilitate transition effects and more.

```js
Marionette.Region.prototype.open = function(view){
  this.$el.hide();
  this.$el.html(view.el);
  this.$el.slideDown("fast");
}
```

This example will cause a view to slide down from the top
of the region, instead of just appearing in place.

## Attach Existing View

There are some scenarios where it's desirable to attach an existing
view to a region manager, without rendering or showing the view, and
without replacing the HTML content of the region. For example, SEO and
accessibiliy often need HTML to be generated by the server, and progressive
enhancement of the HTML.

There are two ways to accomplish this: 

* set the `currentView` in the region manager's constructor
* call `attachView` on the region manager instance

### Set `currentView` On Initialization

```js
var myView = new MyView({
  el: $("#existing-view-stuff")
});

var manager = new Backbone.Marionette.Region({
  el: "#content",
  currentView: myView
});
```

### Call `attachView` On Region 

```js
MyApp.addRegions({
  someRegion: "#content"
});

var myView = new MyView({
  el: $("#existing-view-stuff")
});

MyApp.someRegion.attachView(myView);
```

## Region Events And Callbacks

A region manager will raise a few events when showing and
closing views:

* "show" / `onShow` - Called on the view instance when the view has been rendered and displayed.
* "show" / `onShow` - Called on the region instance when the view has been rendered and displayed.
* "close" / `onClose` - Called when the view has been closed.

These events can be used to run code when your region manager
opens and closes views.

```js
MyApp.mainRegion.on("show", function(view){
  // manipulate the `view` or do something extra
  // with the region manager via `this`
});

MyApp.mainRegion.on("close", function(view){
  // manipulate the `view` or do something extra
  // with the region manager via `this`
});

MyRegion = Backbone.Marionette.Region.extend({
  // ...

  onShow: function(view){
    // the `view` has been shown
  }
});

MyView = Marionette.ItemView.extend({
  onShow: function(){
    // called when the view has been shown
  }
});
```

### View Callbacks And Events For Regions

The region manager will call an `onShow` method on the view
that was displayed. It will also trigger a "show" event
from the view:

```js
MyView = Backbone.View.extend({
  onShow: function(){
    // the view has been shown
  }
});

view = new MyView();

view.on("show", function(){
  // the view has been shown.
});

MyApp.mainRegion.show(view);
```

## Custom Region Types

You can define a custom region manager by extending from
`Region`. This allows you to create new functionality,
or provide a base set of functionality for your app.

### Attaching Custom Region Types

Once you define a region manager type, you can attach the
new region type by specifying the region type as the
value. In this case, `addRegions` expects the constructor itself, not an instance.

```js
var FooterRegion = Backbone.Marionette.Region.extend({
  el: "#footer"
});

MyApp.addRegions({
  footerRegion: FooterRegion
});
```

You can also specify a selector for the region by using
an object literal for the configuration.

```js
var FooterRegion = Backbone.Marionette.Region.extend({
  el: "#footer"
});

MyApp.addRegions({
  footerRegion: {
    selector: "#footer",
    regionType: FooterRegion
  }
});
```

Note that a region must have an element to attach itself to. If you
do not specify a selector when attaching the region instance to your
Application or Layout, the region must provide an `el` either in its
definition or constructor options.

### Instantiate Your Own Region 

There may be times when you want to add a region manager to your
application after your app is up and running. To do this, you'll
need to extend from `Region` as shown above and then use
that constructor function on your own:

```js
var SomeRegion = Backbone.Marionette.Region.extend({
  el: "#some-div",

  initialize: function(options){
    // your init code, here
  }
});

MyApp.someRegion = new SomeRegion();

MyApp.someRegion.show(someView);
```

You can optionally add an `initialize` function to your Region
definition as shown in this example. It receives the `options`
that were passed to the constructor of the Region, similar to
a Backbone.View.


